{
  "prompt": "A cinematic, high-detail documentary-style photograph capturing a sweeping, hopeful transformation of a landscape. The composition focuses on the contrast between drought and abundance, representing the statistical insight. The image is split diagonally by a flowing channel of crystal-clear water. The right side of the frame depicts vibrant, lush green terraced community gardens and flourishing agriculture, with visible, sustainable drip-irrigation systems nourishing rows of healthy crops. In the background, diverse families are seen collectively harvesting fresh produce, looking joyful and healthy, representing 'water security for all.' The left side of the frame depicts a stark, dry, arid landscape with cracked earth and struggling, wilted vegetation, illustrating the current reality for many before security is achieved. In the immediate foreground, centered on the diagonal water channel, is a single, perfectly clear glass drop, resembling an oversized dewdrop. This drop is glowing with a warm, subtle, internal golden light. Etched very lightly and abstractly into the surface of this golden glass drop, almost like a watermark or texture, are delicate, interlocking geometric patterns reminiscent of currency symbols and the number '1,' signifying the 1% of GDP investment. A powerful, warm, diffused sunlight catches the golden-lit glass drop, casting dancing reflections across the water channel and slightly illuminating the transition point from dry land to verdant gardens. The perspective is eye-level, slightly wide-angle, giving a sense of scale to the sprawling, revived landscape and the small, impactful golden droplet in the foreground. The depth of field is relatively shallow, drawing the eye first to the shimmering golden drop and the transition of the landscape, and then letting the viewer explore the thriving community in the background. The mood is hopeful, serene, and deeply grounded in human connection to the environment. The image uses rich, saturated greens, earthy browns, and the striking clarity of blue water and warm golden light. There are no overlaid charts, text, or explicit legends.",
  "model": "Gemini 3 Flash Image",
  "dataset_name": "World Resources Institute (WRI) - Securing Freshwater for All",
  "dataset_url": "https://www.wri.org/freshwater",
  "insight": "1% of global GDP could provide water security for all by 2030."
}